Aligned address requirements:
    Aligned addresses are those addresses that are either provided by the system
    as aligned addresses, or that are offset from such an address by some
    multiple of the size of CELL.

Behavior of EMIT for non-graphical characters:
    EMIT calls ABORT" if the user attempts to print a non-graphical character

Character editing of ACCEPT and EXPECT:


Character set:
    This program supports the standard ASCII character set. Support for the extended
    character set or UTF-8 may or may not be present, depending on your system.

Character-aligned address requirements:
    All valid addresses are character-aligned.

Character-set-extensions matching characteristics:
    Since no character set extensions are supported, attempting
    to use a character from a character set extension in a definition
    results in an ambiguous situation.

Conditions under which control characters match a space delimiter:
    The following control characters will match a space delimiter (ASCII codes given):
    0x09, 0x0a, 0x0b, 0x0c, 0x0d

Format of the control-flow stack:
    The control flow stack is implemented using the data stack

Conversion of digits larger than 35:
    No support is provided for conversion of such digits, and by extension for
    any bases above base 36.

Display after input terminates in ACCEPT and EXPECT:
    The inputted character sequence is displayed on the terminal as it was
    inputted, including the line terminator character.

Exception abort sequence:
    If the value at the top of the stack is non-zero,
    ABORT" displays the provided message and then calls ABORT. Otherwise,
    does nothing.

Input line terminator:
    Input lines are to be terminated with a carriage return character.

Maximum size of a counted string:
    Counted strings are to be no more than 255 characters in length.

Maximum size of a parsed string:
    Parsed strings are to be no more than 4095 characters in length.

Maximum size of a definition name:
    Definition names are to be no more than 255 characters in length.

Maximum string length for ENVIRONMENT?:
    Parameters for ENVIRONMENT? are to be no more than 255 characters in length.

Method of selecting the User Input Device:
    The user input device is to be selected by the user when the
    program is started (e.g. terminal text input or piped input from a file).

Method of selecting the User Output Device:
    The user input device is to be selected by the user when the program
    is started (e.g. terminal text output or piped output to a file).

Methods of dictionary compilation:
    For the purposes of this specification, name space, data space, and code
    space all exist within one contiguous section of memory. Therefore,
    it is possible to offset from data space into name space or code space.
    An ambiguous condition exists if this occurs. The word list is implemented
    as a singly-linked list.

Number of bits in one address unit:
    All addresses are 32 bits wide, or the size of a standard word.

Number representation and arithmetic:
    Numbers in compiled literals and in memory are stored using their
    two's complement representations.

Ranges for n, +n, u, d, +d, and ud:
    Cells are 4 bytes (32 bits) wide.

Read-only data regions:
    No regions are marked as read-only.

Size of buffer in WORD:
    The user may assume that the buffer used by WORD is large enough to hold
    any counted string.

Size of one cell in address units:
    One cell is 4 address units wide.

Size of the keyboard terminal input buffer:
    The terminal input buffer is 1023 characters wide.

Size of the pictured numeric output string buffer:
    The pictured numeric output string buffer is 255 characters wide.

Size of scratch area returned by PAD:
    The scratch area is 255 characters wide.

System case-sensitivity:
    The system is not case-sensitive, and stores all names in uppercase.

System prompt:
    The system prompt is "ok", followed by a line feed.

Type of division rounded:
    Division is truncated towards zero.

Value of STATE when true:
    STATE contains a flag with value -1 (all bits high).

Values returned after arithmetic overflow:
    The value returned after overflow will be the 32 (or 64 in the case of
    double-length arithmetic) least significant bits of the result of the
    calculation.

Whether the current definition can be found after DOES>:
    The current definition cannot be found by DOES>.
